sit
Why does that sound so familiar?
Seems to be someone I've met
What's the matter with you coming to me?
In adults
I finally meet you.
I wonder if I can see your true face
Whether it is true or not matters
Lord God
I am at the border with you
The deeds of the bloody battlefield are very admirable
More in charge of Tianmen for you
I admire the ability of Tongyu Guoshi
I am your admirer
I don't know.
Can you grant my wish to see your true face?
Take charge of Tianmen
Unification of State Affairs
What you want to say is my power
In adults
Everything you have now is what you deserve
Only gods like you
Only worthy to be in charge of Tianmen
Unification of state affairs?
A god like me doesn't
You are wrong to remove the identity of God Lord
I'm no different from your divorced ex-husband
No, no, no, trash like Ye Longyuan
How can I compare with you?
You don't know
My ex-husband was a liar
People who only eat soft rice
I just divorced him
He went to eat Miss Tang's soft rice again
It's just that eating soft rice is not a long-term solution after all
He's about to run out of food and end up on the streets
Miss Tang is about to marry Master Xiao
Tonight is all about them